Fixed typo in docs (#993)
EmbarkStudios/rust-gpu: docs/src/codegen-args.md

postlink/module: Khronos SPIR-V binary, little-endian, version 0x010300, generator 0x1b0000
```

> Notable, `RUSTGPU_CODEGEN_ARGS="--help"` can be used to see a "usage" message (which lists all the flags/options, including onesn not listed in this document), via e.g. running a Cargo build that relies on `spirv-builder`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Notably, `RUSTGPU_CODEGEN_ARGS="--help"` can be used to see a "usage" message (which lists all the flags/options, including ones not listed in this document), via e.g. running a Cargo build that relies on `spirv-builder`.
```
So many typos, whew.
